# Good morning NK!
### Today's #DailyNote is for  Wednesday, 11-20-2024

<<[[11-19-2024]]<<                \>>[[11-21-2024]]>>

------------
### Wednesday's Classes
- [[06 - Fall '24/BIOL200/01 - Lecture Notes/Day 34|BIOL200]]
- [[06 - Fall '24/MATH330/01 - Lecture Notes/Day X|MATH330]]
- [[06 - Fall '24/MUSA360 (Who,...)/01 - Lecture Notes/Day X|MUSA360 (Who,...)]]


------------
### Current To-Dos
#### [[Day 10]]
- [ ] #COSC435 Work on Met!!
- [ ] #COSC435 Assignment 6 📅 11/24
#### [[Day 22 Lecture Notes]]
- [ ] #COSC350 list of questions to ask to accomplish this task
- [ ] group meeting to decide which 
#### [[Day 33]]
- [ ] #BIOL200 quiz due W
#### [[Day 30 Lecture Notes]]
- [ ] #BIOL200 Quiz this weekend

----------
### Quote of the Day:

 > > You can easily install the binary distribution of Mozilla (from
> > mozilla.org) on a different prefix, possibly under your home directory.
> > Please install it and use it instead of Mozilla 1.1, at least when
> > verifying if problems indeed exist. I do not wish to tolerate any more
> > reports of problems when using Mozilla 1.1, because I can't tell if it's a
> > bug that was fixed by then, or if it's an actual issue with Mozilla.
> >
> > On a slightly different note: my machine crashed the other day when
> > using it with kernel 2.6.0. Can anyone help?
>
> I do not wish to tolerate any reports of problems when using kernel
> 2.6.0, because I can't tell if it's a bug that was fixed by then, or
> if it's an actual issue with the kernel.

My Commodore 64 is suffering from slowness and insufficiency of memory;
and its display device is grievously short of pixels. Can anyone help?

    -- Shlomi Fish, Muli Ben Yehuda and Omer Zak on discussions@hamakor.org.il.
    -- https://is.gd/tAZmZD

-------
Good luck out there! Remember to eat, sleep, and stay hydrated :D
Today's lecture notes are linked below!